# Nabard_Interview
Project #1 [2020 Jan- Feb]: After passing an online exam conducted by greatlearning through Hackerearth, I was selected for learning the basics of Data Science, under the guidance of Dr. Abhinanda Sarkar, Academic director, greatlearning. In their beginner's about one month course, I scored 70/70 total marks in assignments and projects. 

Project #2 [2015 Sept- 2017 Aug]: "Daanvir India". This was my biggest project. With the help of my batchmate Mr. Anmol Allahwadi, we approached Mr Ankit Kawatra, Founder of Feeding India, who is working hard for eliminating hunger. In an online interview, they accepted our proposal and decided to help us. We started from scratch and built a team of 20+ members. The roles were divided among them as photographers, Producer, Director, content writer, Actor, Manager etc. My responsibility was to develop the whole website from scratch and integrate Timeline feature, social connectivity, login apis, payment gateways, donation cart, database management, security etc. The plan was to approach and collaborate with Ola or Uber cars, who could help deliver donation materials to nearby tea and coffee shops, where our team of volunteers would pick and distribute that material every Sunday. Also, there was a video timeline that could be filtered by locality, that would show all the actions that our volunteers have taken for their locality. THe aim was to mobilize people to reduce the inequalities in terms of basic items of necessity, atleast in their own locality. This could be create a great political profile for them in return. After we passed college, it was stopped temporarily because of insufficient funds. Maybe, one day, we will have enough funds to make this idea a reality. 
Anyways, an advertisement for this platform can be found here: https://youtu.be/E-Eneulbg9U  or  https://youtu.be/sgHd2I8GCoU
Facebook group link: https://www.facebook.com/groups/daanvir.india/

#-> I participated in Zonal Round of RoboTryst-2014 held at NIT Srinagar organised by Robosapiens Technologies Pvt. Ltd. in association with Tryst-2014 IIT Delhi. 

#-> I also participated in IBM Bluemix Enablement Session, held in NIT Srinagar organised by Country Leader, Cloud Ecosystem Development, India/ South Asia. 
